Setting up a multi-agent AI system that actually works in a production environment is a massive engineering headache.

Usually, you have to spend weeks dealing with:
- Writing custom API routers and schema mapping for agent-to-agent communication
- Setting up message queues, Redis layers, and database volumes to manage state
- Handling file-based handoffs, race conditions, and vector search index synchronization
- Manually writing Docker Compose configurations and mounting files for each service

What if you could visually drag and drop your agents, connect them together, and run the entire stack in one click?

I built AgentDock to solve this.

AgentDock is an open-source visual pipeline builder and containerized runtime for complex multi-agent workflows. 

Here is how the workflow works:
1. Design: You describe your system in plain English or layout agent nodes visually on a web-based canvas. You can configure system prompts, temperatures, and tools directly.
2. Verify: The backend runs programmatic and LLM-based verification loops to validate configurations, automatically repairing broken triggers or inputs.
3. Export: Hit export, and AgentDock packages everything into a self-contained ZIP file.

To run the exported system, you just unzip the folder and run:
docker compose up -d

This command spins up the entire backend stack including the orchestrator, LLM gateway, Redis queue, persistent memory volumes, and agents.

It also automatically builds and serves a dedicated Runtime Console on port 5173. The console is fully dynamic—it queries the active workflow topology to build a live node graph, letting you trace agent execution statuses, read and download file handoffs, and stream logs in real-time.

Under the hood, the stack bundles:
- 52 pre-built Model Context Protocol (MCP) integrations (including Postgres, Gmail, Notion, Slack, and web search)
- A self-learning memory loop using ChromaDB that saves successful agent interactions back to persistent volume storage
- A clean, modern tech stack built with Bun, TypeScript, Vite, Tailwind CSS v4, and FastAPI/Python

The project is fully open source. Let me know what you think if you try it out.

GitHub Repository: [Insert Link Here]

#softwareengineering #opensource #artificialintelligence #docker #typescript #python #webdevelopment
